PSMDB-1372 Pro builds documentation (6.0) (#788)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/fips.md

# FIPS compliance

FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) is the US government computer security standard for cryptography modules that include both hardware and software components. Percona Server for MongoDB supports FIPS certified module for OpenSSL, enabling US organizations to introduce FIPS-compliant encryption and thus meet the requirements towards data security.  

> The FIPS module in Percona Server for MongoDB is implemented in the same way, as in MongoDB Enterprise. It is available [in pro builds out of the box](psmdb-pro.md). You can also receive this module by [building Percona Server for MongoDB from source code](install/source.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FIPS mode in Percona Server for MongoDB is implemented in the same way, as in MongoDB Enterprise. It is available [in pro builds out of the box](psmdb-pro.md). You can also receive this feature by [building Percona Server for MongoDB from source code](install/source.md).
```
